mm mm
wow
(***)
Oh she did?
oh wow
And he dies? No? He doesn't die?
haahaa
yes yes
(***)
oh
kids died. one of the
kids dies
ahh
So they went to the war.
oh so like hand like 50 60
yeah
wow
mm mm
mm did
mm
haahaa
it's weird to read book over and over
Movie, yes, but books?
over and over
yes so many (***)
That I watch over and over.
He just came up with a big business.
with Lili Tomlin and Brent Mittler.
the comedy. I watched over and over again.
(***)
haahaa
And I learn English from the movie
So when the scene
that I come across, I always try to imitate what they were saying.
i can't touch haahaa
haahaa haahaa
haahaa
Let's see.
No, no, no. What is it?
oh holy moly that's from tommy boy
Holy moly from Grumpy Old Man, holy schnikey!
from Tommy Foley.
and whereas
ahh
It's not random the world
In the movie, lots of people use it. Don't worry, it's not the end of the world.
haahaa So I use it in the daily conversation too.
(***) to try to encourage people. Don't worry, it's not bad.
haahaa yeah
so man lines from the movies
no no he is haahaa
Whoa!
ahh Return of the King.
Ruby was gay.
It was awesome.